Add N&N entry for few filtering options in preference page (#433)
eclipse-platform/www.eclipse.org-eclipse: news/4.38/platform.md

## Text Editors
-->

---
## Preferences

### New Filtering Options in Preference Page
<details>
<summary>Contributors</summary>

- [Elsa Zacharia](https://github.com/elsazac)
- [Sougandh S](https://github.com/SougandhS)
</details>

Filtering has now been introduced in more areas of the Preference page to make it easier to find and manage entries.

A filtering option is now available in the File Content section under the `Version Control (Team)` preferences, providing quick filtering of file specific extensions.
<br>In addition, filtering options have been added to the Templates sections under the `Java Editor`, `Ant Editor`, and `Template Editor`.

> <br>This has also been added to the `Add to favorite` dialog under Run/Debug launches, and also to the `Export Launch Configurations` dialog. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A filtering option is now available in the File Content section under the `Version Control (Team)` preferences, providing quick filtering of file specific extensions.
In addition, filtering options have been added to the Templates sections under the `Java Editor`, `Ant Editor`, and `Template Editor`.
This has also been added to the `Add to favorite` dialog under Run/Debug launches, and also to the `Export Launch Configurations` dialog. 
```
